First thing I'm going to do is make sure that Kafka and Spark are running.
If I run ps-ef,
I will see that there are two spark processes running.
One to several Java processes which tells me Kafka is up.
I'm going to clear my terminal, and now,
let's look at the solution code.
First thing we're going to do is import all of our libraries,
which includes Spark session or Spark SQL functions and Spark SQL types.
I have two different JSON payloads.
I want to create a schema for each of those.
You'll notice one thing different here is my amount is not a string.
There is no quotes, so we're going to call it a FloatType.
So I'm going to create that schema and this schema,
remember the field names need to match the field names here in the JSON payloads.
I'm going to create a spark session.
I'm going to set the log level to WARN.
I'm going to read from Kafka the first topic which is bank deposits.
Then I'm going to convert the raw data to strings.
I'm going to then convert the JSON to individual fields and saving interview.
I'm going to select from that view where the amount is greater than $200,
and then I'm going to read from the bank customers topic.
I'm going to select that and convert it from binary to string.
Save that here and then I'm going to take the schema I created for
that data and load it from the value column from JSON method.
Then put it back in the Value column where it now has nested fields.
I'm going to select those nested fields using
the COO function that I'm going to create a view called BankCustomers contain that data.
You'll notice when I select that data using Spark SQL,
I do change account number to customer number so that when I do my join,
these two are not the same exact column name.
So now, I've got a resulting data frame that comes from joining the select starDF.
Using dot join, I will select the customers like starDF.
The joint expression specifies the fields I want to join on.
Remember the triple, double equals around those,
and last, I'm going to take that data frame and write it to the console.
I'm going to copy the syntax for submitting this from this script.
It's home/workspace/spark/bin/spark-submit --packages and
then the Kafka package that we're going to use.
Then I'm going to pass the name of the script,
the full path to the script rather.
So the full path to the script is home/workspace/customer-deposits.
py.
We are doing a join that means it can take between one and two minutes.
There's the data from the join.
We have account number, amount,
date and time, customer name, and customer number,
and that customer number is the alias for the field
from the bank customers when you control C and bring out of that.